animals: fish, birds, land animals , insects
you fish for fish, you can hunt land animals on foot, and can hunt birds with ranged weapons

plants: trees, grass, shrub
grass gives grain, trees give logs , shrubs give...

weapons:

clothing:

animal skin
you can process a dead land animal to get its hide, a bird for its feathers,a fish for bones
bones any animal
skin land or bird
feathers bird
meat any animal


Containers: vedro , paket , sumka

mythical creatures: rusalka, gryf, stwolin


character is created and those things are saved as a character creation data object
, that is attached to the entity., then the entity is given an id, and an inventory, a health component, position,

world is a struct that is say 100 x 100 and containts elements which are chunks. these chunks contain a rng seed
for generating the base terrain, they also contain the diffs which will be player or entity affected .
maybe they will contain biome information as well? maybe they can also be tagged with containing a world structure
whose information will be prefabd, or contain rng for a structure, or use the existing rng for it...

trees can be cut down with an axe. a tree gives X logs, Y branches/stick, Z leaves, roots,
so each of these logs,branches, etc will be tagged as being that type of tree
apple trees give apple tree logs, apple tree stick, apple tree seeds,

terrain... a tile can have a terrain, a furniture, and an entity. terrain should have both a ground component, a ground covering component, and then furntire
because you need dirt on the bottom, then grass on top, then a fence post or a table.

grass can be harvested with any cutting instrument like knife or sickle and gives seeds . but only when it is ready, so have growth cycles
same with bushes but they provide vines or berries
have saplings for trees i guess



add a game guide in the game that players can read and find out about things that can be done in the game.

tech stack


common: rstar world


bevy_rtc 

what i have to create is, first a menu that greets you and then allows you to connect to a server 
to connect to the server you enter a username and password

if its a new account you go through character creation, if its an existing account you get put back in, if wrong credentials for existing account eror

character creation - in game name (randomly generated)
hair style, hair color, eye color gender - character chosen


You then are spawned randomly in a forest where you can pick berries


you can sharpen a weapon to make it sharp , through use it becomes dull and has to be resharpened occasionally



woodcrafting skill, metalworking, rock knapping



you fell a tree, then u have a fallen tree. a fallen tree u can then obrabotati, to get its branches, bark, and timber. a tree will have a size like 5
and that is how many times u can harvest a fallen tree for a set amount of branches bark and timber each time, 

the more u use a single item the more ur affinity towards that item
grows and thats the only way to gain skill is to stay with one item?
players will be so mad if they lose an item
no skills...



the menu should have the following buttons: 


single player , multi player  , quit 

single - launches u into a game

multi - show connect screen - ip, user , pass  - then sync

quit-quit



the overworld is singleplayer and has random seeds for players
the dungeons are randomly generated and each linked to its own multiplayer instance

 
speed of thrown object determines how many tiles it moves
it also follows direction of thing it is thrown at maybe? or no too op, maybe thats like a spell
starting speed for sling is 4 tiles a tick, arrow is 8 tiles a tick, bullet is 40 tiles or more  1000 ft pr sec



no bullets

furnace made out of clay with fan out of wood burns iron ore make metal for dagger stone for mrotar

make pipe to smoke weed

sandy beach with infinite rocks, each rock u pick up is a random mineral


combat system:  melee attacks are automatic and affect all within a radius of player/monster . ranged attacks have to be triggered manually
short sword - 1 tile radius, long sword, 2 tile radius hope i dont hit thru wall idk, 


tulec dla luka so strelami // quiver bow n arrow

sila , srųčnost' , bystrost́ , råzum , 

lokacija- czarovny les
ime - zlotik
zdravje - zdravy
derzhysz - mecz
dalnoboj - kidajesz nozz

tut na polu :
sword 10 gold knife body

ty vidisz:

                zver  



                NW N NE
                W  @  E
                SW S SE


messagelog : rest of ths tuf




