slavic languages are among the tiny minority of languages that still remain in the universe in the 33rd millenium. much can be said about their history
but the current variation exists in a form unlike any of the past. it is derived from a pan slavic language that was at one point called interslavic
it changed in many ways, adopting the vocabulary of every slavic language it encountered in a very open policy designed to absorb all other slavic languages
the grammar was standardized and simplified substantially, so was the orthography, to make it more suitable for computing
thus the language was more fit for computers than for humans some say, but this brought with it great technological advances for all the slavs involved
ancient computer standards became religious law, and the character set known as ASCII was revered for its perfection, over the heathenry of unicode

due to the popularity of english (angliski, angelsky) and high gothic latin , many learned borrowings entered the language from these two directly, replacing the
previous greco roman borrowed variants

due to the status of slavic as a language not as much utilized as angelsky , there are many orthographies with little standardization, 
altho etymological dictionaries exist


God je 373 M33. velika vojna priszla k koncu. planeta materska ne byla tronuta vojnoj, ale mnogi ljudi postradali. 
Teraz dolzzen vybrati kem hoczesz ty byti. V imperiji je ljudi 'obyczny' ktory zzivu jak moge, tak zze je veliky otrjad sostoivszy iz najsilnyh bojcov imperiji. 
Ljudi iz naszi semji majut silu i razumlivost vyszy drugih, ale bywsze za daleko od drugih ljudjej dostizzenje technologicziski ni je razvity do maximuma
Mnogi Slovjani ni ostajut se v imperiji, oni na cosmiczeskih lodkah plyvut do drugih planet.
Poczti vsi planety galactiki razmovljajut angelsky, i mnogi slovjani razmovljajut angelsky tozze.
Na drugih planetah, slovjani koli ne reczat sze oni slovjani, vsi mysljat sze oni je czastj imperiji angelskoj.

Poetomu sekretno mnogi veliky kapitany je slovjani, i najvyszyji officery imperiji angelov.
Mozzesz byti slovjanom v ljubom mjeste ... nu dla igry lucze byti v systemy slovjanov szeby vse razmovljali slovjansku.

davno v proszlom, angely priszli na mir i dali novu tehnologiju no zaraz uszli.  To byla bronja i fabriki


so they were among first colonizers of space, and went extremely far.

but then war broke out on earth and their faction went to battle with another faction
when the individual colonies heard of this, some chose to revolt and not join the conflict
A lot of horrible things happened and a civil war broke out





pulja karabina
pulja pistoleta




Slovjanska Imperja je Zziva ! 


non changing roots

prefixes , postfix

